Fix #1415: Improve record validation docs (#1429)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/assemblies/assembly-schema-validation-filter.adoc

// file included in the following:
//
// assembly-built-in-filters.adoc

[id='assembly-schema-validation-filter-{context}']

> = (Preview) Record Validation

Reviewer: Given this title and the fact that we are renaming the file anyway should we just rename to `assembly-record-validation-filter.adoc` ?

[role="_abstract"]

> The Record Validation filter validates records sent by a producer.   Only records that pass the validation are sent to

Author: Done.

> the broker. This filter can be used to prevent _poison messages_ entering the Kafka system, that may otherwise lead to
> consumer failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the broker. 
This filter can be used to prevent _poison messages_—such as those containing corrupted data or invalid formats—from entering the Kafka system, which may otherwise lead to consumer failure.
```

The filter currently supports two modes of operation:

1. Schema validation validates the content of the record against a schema stored in an https://www.apicur.io/registry/[Apicurio Registry].

> 2. Syntactically Correct JSON validation ensures the producer is producing messages that contain syntactically valid JSON.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if the second mode should be just "Syntax Validation"? Then we have two similar sounding modes "Schema Validation mode" and "Syntax Validation mode". And maybe the "correct" is a bit redundant with the "validation" anyway?

Author: It only validates JSON, so it would need to be "JSON Syntax Validation".   Schema Validation is currently limited to JSON too but the intent is there for it to be extended to Avro and Protobuf.    It is very unlikely Syntax Validation will ever by generalised.

Author: pushed up a change.
@PaulRMellor how does that look?

Reviewer 2: Fine Keith

> 1. Schema validation validates the content of the record against a schema stored in an https://www.apicur.io/registry/[Apicurio Registry].
> 2. Syntactically Correct JSON validation ensures the producer is producing messages that contain syntactically valid JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Schema Validation mode validates the content of the record against a schema stored in an https://www.apicur.io/registry/[Apicurio Registry].
2. Syntax Validation mode ensures the producer is producing messages that contain syntactically valid JSON.
```

> Validation rules can validate the content of the Kafka record key or value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Validation rules can be applied to check the content of the Kafka record key or value.
```
